{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Future Ambitions\
If this game gets decently popular or if enough people ask me to, then I hope to add the following features\
\
	\'95	Unique names, backstories, portraits, abilities, and stats for each survivors that dictates how they can best help your camp. \
	\'95	Story mode perhaps. You create your own survivor and you get to follow their efforts as they try to survive the apocalypse. \
	\'95	Equip-pable items and gear, that you make in a workshop. - Guns, Weapons, Tools, Armor, Vehicles\
	\'95	Designed levels - The reason why this isn\'92t here already is because I haven\'92t implemented all the features I wanted to and I don\'92t quite know what would be the best map layout yet. My hope is that each level will have an underlying story that you can find in it.\
	\'95	Expansion Missions - For those who like the more the empire and militaristic side of things, your camp will need space to set up buildings. You can pay in materials and do a meticulous process of carefully building traps and and walls, slowly clearing out a space for your survivors to live in, or you can get your strongest and best fighters and weapons and go outside and go to town on the zombies.\
	\'95	Rescue/Survival Missions - Survivors left behind at night have an option of staking it out instead of running to the van. Depending on what condition you left them, you may have to go back and look for them or you may play as the survivors and you must find a place to fortify and wait.\
	\'95	Random Events\
	\'95	More Zombies - Sleepers, lethargic yet dangerous zombies that will lay in wait for a survivor to pass by them, before springing out and trying to attack. Hunters, extremely dangerous zombies that emerge in the night, and move quick and attack ferociously.  \
	\'95	A more immersive cure acquisition process. You will have to go into the field and find samples to progress your research.\
\
Human made artwork\
\
However, do note, that this is the second game I\'92ve programmed.}